Yeah.
My Muay Thai spirit has been cultivated to the highest level
Now I have the ability to protect you
Then I'll give you another wedding of the century
Make you the happiest woman in the world
Ok?
Brother, don't immerse yourself in your gentle hometown
Let's solve the problem at my construction site.
I can't take it anymore, I'll be there soon
Oh, dear.
Finally, I helped Qin to solve this problem
Tired, you said I worked so hard today
How are you going to reward me?
So what reward do you want?
What do you think, Brother Su, save me?
Did you hear Xiner's voice?
Brother Su seems to really want to save me.
Brother Su save me Xinger
Are you guys okay?
Brother Su save me
Su Shao save me
Su, you have been hindering my success
I will kill you today
Hahahaha
Elves are my world
Stop being delusional
What do you think?
Can you still beat me?